docs/resources/application.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "juju_application Resource - terraform-provider-juju"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource that represents a Juju application deployment.
---

# juju_application (Resource)

A resource that represents a Juju application deployment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "juju_application" "this" {
  name = "my-application"

  model = juju_model.development.name

  charm {
    name     = "hello-kubecon"
    channel  = "edge"
    revision = 14
    series   = "trusty"
  }

  units = 3

  config = {
    external-hostname = "..."
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `charm` (Block List, Min: 1) The name of the charm to be installed from Charmhub. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--charm))
- `model` (String) The name of the model where the application is to be deployed.

### Optional

- `config` (Map of String) Application specific configuration.
- `expose` (Block List, Max: 1) Makes an application publicly available over the network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--expose))
- `name` (String) A custom name for the application deployment. If empty, uses the charm's name.
- `trust` (Boolean) Set the trust for the application.
- `units` (Number) The number of application units to deploy for the charm.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--charm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charm`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the charm

Optional:

- `channel` (String) The channel to use when deploying a charm. Specified as <track>/<risk>/<branch>.
- `revision` (Number) The revision of the charm to deploy.
- `series` (String) The series on which to deploy.


<a id="nestedblock--expose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expose`

Optional:

- `cidrs` (String) A comma-delimited list of CIDRs that should be able to access the application ports once exposed.
- `endpoints` (String) Expose only the ports that charms have opened for this comma-delimited list of endpoints
- `spaces` (String) A comma-delimited list of spaces that should be able to access the application ports once exposed.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Applications can be imported using the format: `model_name:application_name`, for example:
$ terraform import juju_application.wordpress development:wordpress
```

Commit message:

Improve diff detection in Placement  This is an implementation of DiffSuppressFunc in the Application  resource to allow Terraform to ignore apparent       differences in Placement. Juju represents       Placement in a different format than the you use in the Terraform       plan. They mean the same thing, but Terraform thinks there is a       difference and throws an error because of      the difference. The implementation of DiffSuppressFunc compares the      placement data lets Terraform ignore differences in      the appearance of placement if the scope and machine are the same.

docs/resources/application.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "juju_application Resource - terraform-provider-juju"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource that represents a Juju application deployment.
---

# juju_application (Resource)

A resource that represents a Juju application deployment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "juju_application" "this" {
  name = "my-application"

  model = juju_model.development.name

  charm {
    name     = "hello-kubecon"
    channel  = "edge"
    revision = 14
    series   = "trusty"
  }

  units = 3

  config = {
    external-hostname = "..."
  }
}

resource "juju_application" "placement_example" {
  name  = "placement-example"
  model = juju_model.development.name
  charm {
    name     = "hello-kubecon"
    channel  = "edge"
    revision = 14
    series   = "trusty"
  }

  units     = 3
  placement = "0,1,2"

  config = {
    external-hostname = "..."
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `charm` (Block List, Min: 1) The name of the charm to be installed from Charmhub. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--charm))
- `model` (String) The name of the model where the application is to be deployed.

### Optional

- `config` (Map of String) Application specific configuration.
- `constraints` (String) Constraints imposed on this application.
- `expose` (Block List, Max: 1) Makes an application publicly available over the network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--expose))
- `name` (String) A custom name for the application deployment. If empty, uses the charm's name.
- `placement` (String) Specify the target location for the application's units
- `trust` (Boolean) Set the trust for the application.
- `units` (Number) The number of application units to deploy for the charm.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `principal` (Boolean) Whether this is a Principal application

<a id="nestedblock--charm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `charm`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the charm

Optional:

- `channel` (String) The channel to use when deploying a charm. Specified as \<track>/\<risk>/\<branch>.
- `revision` (Number) The revision of the charm to deploy.
- `series` (String) The series on which to deploy.


<a id="nestedblock--expose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expose`

Optional:

- `cidrs` (String) A comma-delimited list of CIDRs that should be able to access the application ports once exposed.
- `endpoints` (String) Expose only the ports that charms have opened for this comma-delimited list of endpoints
- `spaces` (String) A comma-delimited list of spaces that should be able to access the application ports once exposed.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Applications can be imported using the format: `model_name:application_name`, for example:
$ terraform import juju_application.wordpress development:wordpress
```
