docs/resources/model.md, before:

---
# generated using template templates/resources/model.md.tmpl
page_title: "juju_model Resource - terraform-provider-juju"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource that represent a Juju Model.
---

# juju_model (Resource)

A resource that represent a Juju Model.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "juju_model" "this" {
  name = "development"

  cloud {
    name   = "aws"
    region = "eu-west-1"
  }

  config = {
    logging-config              = "<root>=INFO"
    development                 = true
    no-proxy                    = "jujucharms.com"
    update-status-hook-interval = "5m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name to be assigned to the model

### Optional

- `cloud` (Block List, Max: 1) JuJu Cloud where the model will operate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud))
- `config` (Map of String) Override default model configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) Type of the model. Set by the Juju's API server

<a id="nestedblock--cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the cloud

Optional:

- `region` (String) The region of the cloud

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Models can be imported using the model name
$ terraform import juju_model.development development
```

### Limitations of Import

Any entries of the `config` attribute specified in the Terraform configuration are ignored. You can add entries to the `config` map and manage them using Terraform after import.

Once imported you must add the desired model configuration and run a Terraform apply. This will report no changes but Terraform will be tracking the specified model configuration.

The limitation is intentional. It exists as, without it, Terraform would import all model configuration including defaults. It may not be desirable to manage defaults using Terraform.

Commit message:

Improve diff detection in Placement  This is an implementation of DiffSuppressFunc in the Application  resource to allow Terraform to ignore apparent       differences in Placement. Juju represents       Placement in a different format than the you use in the Terraform       plan. They mean the same thing, but Terraform thinks there is a       difference and throws an error because of      the difference. The implementation of DiffSuppressFunc compares the      placement data lets Terraform ignore differences in      the appearance of placement if the scope and machine are the same.

docs/resources/model.md, after:

---
# generated using template templates/resources/model.md.tmpl
page_title: "juju_model Resource - terraform-provider-juju"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource that represent a Juju Model.
---

# juju_model (Resource)

A resource that represent a Juju Model.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "juju_model" "this" {
  name = "development"

  cloud {
    name   = "aws"
    region = "eu-west-1"
  }

  config = {
    logging-config              = "<root>=INFO"
    development                 = true
    no-proxy                    = "jujucharms.com"
    update-status-hook-interval = "5m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name to be assigned to the model

### Optional

- `cloud` (Block List, Max: 1) JuJu Cloud where the model will operate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud))
- `config` (Map of String) Override default model configuration
- `constraints` (String) Constraints imposed to this model
- `credential` (String) Credential used to add the model

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) Type of the model. Set by the Juju's API server

<a id="nestedblock--cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the cloud

Optional:

- `region` (String) The region of the cloud

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Models can be imported using the model name
$ terraform import juju_model.development development
```

### Limitations of Import

Any entries of the `config` attribute specified in the Terraform configuration are ignored. You can add entries to the `config` map and manage them using Terraform after import.

Once imported you must add the desired model configuration and run a Terraform apply. This will report no changes but Terraform will be tracking the specified model configuration.

The limitation is intentional. It exists as, without it, Terraform would import all model configuration including defaults. It may not be desirable to manage defaults using Terraform.
